{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf840
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20900\viewh11160\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I teach Piano, Ukulele and Guitar from beginner to intermediate, young children to adults. I have taught private music lessons since 2013. Prior to teaching lessons, I worked in early childhood education and also have co-run a music / art summer camp.\
\
My teaching is based on a foundation in music theory, technique and history. I use several different books and methods in addition to always incorporating new material. I teach from a classical foundation but equally draw upon folk, blues and popular music, as I believe it\'92s important to expose my students to different methods, styles, and genres. This could mean working on a classical piece, drawing upon the song cannon, or incorporating the voice with playing. Eventually we might dabble in songwriting or improvisation if the student has any interest.\
\
I also teach songwriting and improvisation specifically for the student that wants to focus on one of those.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I teach written music as well as playing by ear. As a musician, having a strong ear is the most important asset, but I want my students to have fluidity between being on or off the page. My goal with each student is to set them up with solid fundamentals of technique, posture, and a well-tuned ear, while inspiring their curiosity, creativity and individuality. Every student is unique and I strive to help each one find their own musical path. I believe in the power and importance of music and the creative expression in the everyday.\
\
I graduated with a BA in Music from The College of Santa Fe in NM and I have studied everything from classical, folk, jazz, improvisation, computer music, and rock. I also play the viola, kantele and drums. In my free time I have written songs and and recorded albums, as well as played in a various bands in addition to many more musical adventures.\
\
\'97\'97\
\
\
\
\
}